Hi, this is Stephane Maarek
and I wanna say congratulations for finishing the course.
I really hope you liked it,
and I hope you will pass the exam without a hitch.
If you haven't done so, I would love a review from you.
Review help future students make the right decision,
and they help me get my course a little bit more visibility.
So if you liked it, I would love a nice comment from you.
This would really help me.
If you don't know how to leave a review, it's super simple.
A popup will show up at the end of this course
and will ask you for a star rating,
five being the highest rating.
You can optionally leave a comment
and then you can optionally answer a few questions.
And when you're ready, just save and exit.
If you don't see the popup appearing next,
you can click on the top right corner
of the course dashboard on udemy.com to add, edit,
or delete a rating, and you'll have the same prompt.
When you're ready, just save and exit.
Also, if you've passed the exam,
I'll be more than happy to know.
So post about it in the Q and A to motivate other students
or post about it on LinkedIn with your certificate
and tag me and I will do my best to quickly comment
and congratulate you as well,
because this is quite an achievement.
Overall, I hope you get a lot out of this course,
and I hope that your understanding
of AWS has vastly improved.
To me, that is the most important thing.
And if you want to practice some more in the next lecture,
called the bonus lecture,
you will find links to my extra practice exams as well
as my other courses with discount links included.
That's it.
So I hope you like my course,
and I will see you in the next course.